README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Jemeni11/Tales-Trove">
    <img src="assets/icon.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h1 align="center">TalesTrove</h1>

  <p align="center">
    Easily Save Your Favorite Stories for Later.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/Jemeni11/Tales-Trove"><strong>Explore the repo »</strong></a>
    <br />
  </p>
</div>

Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Supported Sites](#supported-sites)
- [Sites Planned for Support](#sites-planned-for-support)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Browser Extension Stores](#browser-extension-stores)
  - [Using Pre-built Files](#using-pre-built-files)
  - [Building From Source](#building-from-source)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Why did I build this?](#why-did-i-build-this)
- [Wait a minute, who are you?](#wait-a-minute-who-are-you)
- [License](#license)
- [Changelog](#changelog)

## Introduction

TalesTrove is a browser extension that allows users to easily save links to their favorite fictional stories and series from various platforms.

This project was built using the [Plasmo](https://docs.plasmo.com/) framework.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Supported Sites

- FanFiction.net
  - Favorites
  - Following
- Archive Of Our Own
  - Work Subscriptions
  - Series Subscriptions
  - Author Subscriptions
- QuestionableQuesting
  - Following Threads

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Sites Planned for Support

- SpaceBattles
  - Following Threads

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Features

- Save favorites and followed stories from multiple supported platforms
- Export saved links in multiple formats:
  - JSON for data processing
  - TXT for simple text listings
  - CSV for spreadsheet compatibility
  - HTML for web viewing
  - Bookmark HTML File for browser importing
- Simple, user-friendly interface

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Installation

### Browser Extension Stores

The extension will be available on official browser stores soon. Check back for updates.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Using Pre-built Files

> [!NOTE]
>
> You must enable Developer Mode in Chrome/Chromium.

1. Go to the [Releases Page](https://github.com/Jemeni11/TalesTrove/releases).
2. Download the file for your browser:
   - For Chrome/Chromium: Download `chrome-mv3-prod.zip`
   - For Firefox: Download `firefox-mv2-prod.zip`
3. Install the extension:

   - Chrome and Chromium browsers:

     1. Extract the downloaded zip file.
     2. Go to `chrome:extensions`.
     3. Click `Load Unpacked`.
     4. Select the extracted folder.

   - Firefox:
     1. Go to `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox`.
     2. Click `Load Temporary Add-on...`.
     3. Select the Firefox zip.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Building From Source

> [!NOTE]
>
> You must enable Developer Mode in Chrome/Chromium.

> [!NOTE]
>
> This extension requires [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) for building.

1. Clone the repository and install dependencies.

   ```sh
    git clone https://www.github.com/Jemeni11/TalesTrove.git
    cd TalesTrove
    pnpm install
   ```

2. For development

   ```sh
   pnpm dev
   ```

   Then load the appropriate development build from the `build` directory.

3. For production

   - Chrome (and other Chromium Browsers)

     ```sh
     pnpm build
     ```

   - Firefox

     ```sh
     pnpm build:firefox
     ```

4. Install the built extension

   - Chrome (and other Chromium Browsers):

     1. Go to `chrome:extensions`.
     2. Click `Load Unpacked`.
     3. Navigate to the build folder and select the Chrome build.

   - For Firefox:

     1. Go to `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox`.
     2. Click `Load Temporary Add-on...`.
     3. Navigate to the Firefox build folder and select the `manifest.json` file.

For further guidance, [visit Plasmo's Documentation](https://docs.plasmo.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Usage

> [!WARNING]
> You must be logged in to the respective websites to use the extension.

1. Click on the TalesTrove icon in your browser's extension area.
2. Configure your preferences for each supported website.
3. Use the "Download Links" section to export your saved links.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## FAQ

- **Why do you need my Archive username?**

  Unlike other sites, Archive Of Our Own requires a username to access user-specific subscriptions (such as works, series, and authors). TalesTrove needs to link to your account to retrieve this data.

- **Why do I need to be logged in?**

  You need to be logged in to your accounts on supported platforms because TalesTrove interacts with personalized data—such as your favorites, followed stories, or subscriptions—which requires authentication to access. Without logging in, the extension can't fetch this data for you.

- **Does this extension save/steal any of my data?**

  Nope, TalesTrove doesn’t collect, store, or share any of your data. The extension doesn't send your info to third parties and doesn't track telemetry. So if this crashes... well, ([no ~~beta~~ data, we die like men!](https://archiveofourown.org/tags/no%20beta%20we%20die%20like%20men)).

  The only data TalesTrove stores is what you save when you click "Download". Your saved links are only stored locally on your own computer—it's not hoarded or sent anywhere. It’s all private, secure, and stays with you.

  Additionally, this project is open source, so you can review the code yourself (or have someone who knows React and TypeScript take a look) to verify these privacy claims.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to improve TalesTrove, please feel free to submit a pull request.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Why did I build this?

I like fanfiction and I like having local copies of my data. So, I built this extension to get my data for me!

I've made other fanfiction tools before like [FicImage](https://github.com/Jemeni11/FicImage). I've also contributed to tools like [WebToEpub](https://github.com/dteviot/WebToEpub) and [Leech.py](https://github.com/kemayo/leech).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Wait a minute, who are you?

Hello there! I'm Emmanuel Jemeni, and I am a Frontend Developer.

You can find me on various platforms:

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-jemeni)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Jemeni11)
- [Twitter/X](https://twitter.com/Jemeni11_)
- [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/jemeni11.bsky.social)

If you'd like, you can support me on [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/Jemeni11/)
or [Buy Me A Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jemeni11).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

[GPL-3.0 license](/LICENSE)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Changelog

[Changelog](/CHANGELOG.md)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

docs: update README for SpaceBattles and Sufficient Velocity support

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Jemeni11/Tales-Trove">
    <img src="assets/icon.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h1 align="center">TalesTrove</h1>

  <p align="center">
    Easily Save Your Favorite Stories for Later.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/Jemeni11/Tales-Trove"><strong>Explore the repo »</strong></a>
    <br />
  </p>
</div>

Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Supported Sites](#supported-sites)
- [Sites Planned for Support](#sites-planned-for-support)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Browser Extension Stores](#browser-extension-stores)
  - [Using Pre-built Files](#using-pre-built-files)
  - [Building From Source](#building-from-source)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Why did I build this?](#why-did-i-build-this)
- [Wait a minute, who are you?](#wait-a-minute-who-are-you)
- [License](#license)
- [Changelog](#changelog)

## Introduction

TalesTrove is a browser extension that allows users to easily save links to their favorite fictional stories and series from various platforms.

This project was built using the [Plasmo](https://docs.plasmo.com/) framework.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Supported Sites

- FanFiction.net
  - Favorites
  - Following
- Archive Of Our Own
  - Work Subscriptions
  - Series Subscriptions
  - Author Subscriptions
- QuestionableQuesting
  - Following Threads
- SpaceBattles
  - Following Threads
- Sufficient Velocity
  - Following Threads

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Sites Planned for Support

- Archive Of Our Own
  - Bookmarks

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Features

- Save favorites and followed stories from multiple supported platforms
- Export saved links in multiple formats:
  - JSON for data processing
  - TXT for simple text listings
  - CSV for spreadsheet compatibility
  - HTML for web viewing
  - Bookmark HTML File for browser importing
- Simple, user-friendly interface

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Installation

### Browser Extension Stores

The extension will be available on official browser stores soon. Check back for updates.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Using Pre-built Files

> [!NOTE]
>
> You must enable Developer Mode in Chrome/Chromium.

1. Go to the [Releases Page](https://github.com/Jemeni11/TalesTrove/releases).
2. Download the file for your browser:
   - For Chrome/Chromium: Download `chrome-mv3-prod.zip`
   - For Firefox: Download `firefox-mv2-prod.zip`
3. Install the extension:

   - Chrome and Chromium browsers:

     1. Extract the downloaded zip file.
     2. Go to `chrome:extensions`.
     3. Click `Load Unpacked`.
     4. Select the extracted folder.

   - Firefox:
     1. Go to `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox`.
     2. Click `Load Temporary Add-on...`.
     3. Select the Firefox zip.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Building From Source

> [!NOTE]
>
> You must enable Developer Mode in Chrome/Chromium.

> [!NOTE]
>
> This extension requires [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) for building.

1. Clone the repository and install dependencies.

   ```sh
    git clone https://www.github.com/Jemeni11/TalesTrove.git
    cd TalesTrove
    pnpm install
   ```

2. For development

   ```sh
   pnpm dev
   ```

   Then load the appropriate development build from the `build` directory.

3. For production

   - Chrome (and other Chromium Browsers)

     ```sh
     pnpm build
     ```

   - Firefox

     ```sh
     pnpm build:firefox
     ```

4. Install the built extension

   - Chrome (and other Chromium Browsers):

     1. Go to `chrome:extensions`.
     2. Click `Load Unpacked`.
     3. Navigate to the build folder and select the Chrome build.

   - For Firefox:

     1. Go to `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox`.
     2. Click `Load Temporary Add-on...`.
     3. Navigate to the Firefox build folder and select the `manifest.json` file.

For further guidance, [visit Plasmo's Documentation](https://docs.plasmo.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Usage

> [!WARNING]
> You must be logged in to the respective websites to use the extension.

1. Click on the TalesTrove icon in your browser's extension area.
2. Configure your preferences for each supported website.
3. Use the "Download Links" section to export your saved links.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## FAQ

- **Why do you need my Archive username?**

  Unlike other sites, Archive Of Our Own requires a username to access user-specific subscriptions (such as works, series, and authors). TalesTrove needs to link to your account to retrieve this data.

- **Why do I need to be logged in?**

  You need to be logged in to your accounts on supported platforms because TalesTrove interacts with personalized data—such as your favorites, followed stories, or subscriptions—which requires authentication to access. Without logging in, the extension can't fetch this data for you.

- **Does this extension save/steal any of my data?**

  Nope, TalesTrove doesn’t collect, store, or share any of your data. The extension doesn't send your info to third parties and doesn't track telemetry. So if this crashes... well, ([no ~~beta~~ data, we die like men!](https://archiveofourown.org/tags/no%20beta%20we%20die%20like%20men)).

  The only data TalesTrove stores is what you save when you click "Download". Your saved links are only stored locally on your own computer—it's not hoarded or sent anywhere. It’s all private, secure, and stays with you.

  Additionally, this project is open source, so you can review the code yourself (or have someone who knows React and TypeScript take a look) to verify these privacy claims.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to improve TalesTrove, please feel free to submit a pull request.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Why did I build this?

I like fanfiction and I like having local copies of my data. So, I built this extension to get my data for me!

I've made other fanfiction tools before like [FicImage](https://github.com/Jemeni11/FicImage). I've also contributed to tools like [WebToEpub](https://github.com/dteviot/WebToEpub) and [Leech.py](https://github.com/kemayo/leech).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Wait a minute, who are you?

Hello there! I'm Emmanuel Jemeni, and I am a Frontend Developer.

You can find me on various platforms:

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-jemeni)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Jemeni11)
- [Twitter/X](https://twitter.com/Jemeni11_)
- [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/jemeni11.bsky.social)

If you'd like, you can support me on [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/Jemeni11/)
or [Buy Me A Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jemeni11).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

[GPL-3.0 license](/LICENSE)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Changelog

[Changelog](/CHANGELOG.md)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
